**MICROSOFT PRE-RELEASE SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS**

**MICROSOFT GITHUB COPILOT FOR AZURE -- PREVIEW**

These license terms are an agreement between you and Microsoft
Corporation (or one of its affiliates). They apply to the pre-release
software named above and any Microsoft services or software updates
(except to the extent such services or updates are accompanied by new or
additional terms, in which case those different terms apply
prospectively and do not alter your or Microsoft's rights relating to
pre-updated software or services). IF YOU COMPLY WITH THESE LICENSE
TERMS, YOU HAVE THE RIGHTS BELOW. BY USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU ACCEPT
THESE TERMS.

1. **INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS.**

    - a\) General. You may install and use any number of copies of the
        software only with Microsoft Visual Studio and successor
        Microsoft products and services to develop and test your
        applications.

    - b\) GitHub Copilot and Other Third-Party Components. The
        software contains libraries that enable you to interact with the
        GitHub Copilot service ("Copilot") offered by GitHub, Inc.
        ("GitHub"). You must separately obtain access to Copilot to use
        this functionality, and your use of Copilot is pursuant to the
        separate agreement(s) between you and GitHub, including any data
        collection provisions. The software may also include third-party
        components with separate legal notices or governed by other
        agreements, as may be described in the notices file(s)
        accompanying the software.

2. **PRE-RELEASE SOFTWARE.** This software is a pre-release version. It
    may not operate correctly or work the way a final version will.
    Microsoft may change it for the final, commercial version. Microsoft
    is not obligated to provide maintenance, technical support or
    updates to you for the software.

3. **CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.**The software, including its user
    interface, features and documentation, is confidential and
    proprietary to Microsoft and its suppliers.

    - a\) Use. For two years after installation of the software or its
        commercial release, whichever is first, you may not disclose
        confidential information to third parties. You may disclose
        confidential information only to your employees and consultants
        who need to know the information. You must have written
        agreements with them that protect the confidential information
        at least as much as this agreement.

    - b\) Survival. Your duty to protect confidential information
        survives this agreement.

    - c\) Exclusions. You may disclose confidential information in
        response to a judicial or governmental order. You must first
        give written notice to Microsoft to allow it to seek a
        protective order or otherwise protect the information.
        Confidential information does not include information that:

        - becomes publicly known through no wrongful act;

        - you received from a third party who did not breach
            confidentiality obligations to Microsoft or its suppliers;
            or

        - you developed independently.

4. **FEEDBACK.**If you give feedback about the software to Microsoft,
    you give to Microsoft, without charge, the right to use, share and
    commercialize your feedback in any way and for any purpose. You will
    not give feedback that is subject to a license that requires
    Microsoft to license its software or documentation to third parties
    because we include your feedback in them. These rights survive this
    agreement.

5. **TIME-SENSITIVE SOFTWARE.**

    - • Period. This agreement is effective on your acceptance and
        terminates on the earlier of (i) 30 days following first
        availability of a commercial release of the software or (ii)
        upon termination by Microsoft. Microsoft may extend this
        agreement in its discretion.

    - • Notice. You may receive periodic reminder notices of this date
        through the software.

    - • Access to data. You may not be able to access data used in the
        software when it stops running.

6. **SCOPE OF LICENSE.**The software is licensed, not sold. This
    agreement only gives you some rights to use the software. Microsoft
    reserves all other rights. For clarification Microsoft, or its
    licensors, retains ownership of all aspects of the software. Unless
    applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you
    may use the software only as expressly permitted in this agreement.
    In doing so, you must comply with any technical limitations in the
    software that only allow you to use it in certain ways. For example,
    if Microsoft technically limits or disables extensibility for the
    software, you may not extend the software by, among other things,
    loading or injecting into the software any non-Microsoft add-ins,
    macros, or packages; modifying the software registry settings; or
    adding features or functionality equivalent to that found in
    Microsoft products and services. You may not: a) work around any
    technical limitations in the software that only allow you to use it
    in certain ways; b) reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the
    software, or otherwise attempt to derive the source code for the
    software, except and to the extent required by third party licensing
    terms governing use of certain open source components that may be
    included in the software; c) remove, minimize, block, or modify any
    notices of Microsoft or its suppliers in the software; d) use the
    software in any way that is against the law or to create or
    propagate malware; e) share, publish, distribute, or lease the
    software; or f) provide the software as a stand-alone offering or
    combine it with any of your applications for others to use, or
    transfer the software or this agreement to any third party.

7. **DATA.**

    - a\) Data Collection. The software may collect information about
        you and your use of the software, and send that to Microsoft.
        Microsoft may use this information to provide services and
        improve our products and services. You may opt-out of many of
        these scenarios, but not all, as described in the software
        documentation located at
        <https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/supporting/faq#\_how-to-disable-telemetry-reporting>.
        There are also some features in the software that may enable you
        and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications.
        If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law,
        including providing appropriate notices to users of your
        applications together with a copy of Microsoft's privacy
        statement. Our privacy statement is located at
        <https://aka.ms/privacy>. You can learn more about data collection
        and its use from the software documentation and our privacy
        statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to
        these practices.

    - b\) Data sharing with GitHub, Inc. Microsoft may share the data
        identified in subsection (a) with GitHub for the purpose of
        improving Copilot and the software.

8. **EXPORT RESTRICTIONS.**You must comply with all domestic and
    international export laws and regulations that apply to the
    software, which include restrictions on destinations, end users, and
    end use. For further information on export restrictions, visit
    <https://aka.ms/exporting>.

9. **SUPPORT SERVICES.**Microsoft is not obligated under this
    agreement to provide any support services for the software. Any
    support provided is "as is", "with all faults", and without warranty
    of any kind.

10. **ENTIRE AGREEMENT.**Without limiting Section 1(b), this agreement,
    and any other terms Microsoft may provide for supplements, updates,
    or third-party applications, is the entire agreement for the
    software.

11. **APPLICABLE LAW AND PLACE TO RESOLVE DISPUTES.** If you acquired
    the software in the United States or Canada, the laws of the state
    or province where you live (or, if a business, where your principal
    place of business is located) govern the interpretation of this
    agreement, claims for its breach, and all other claims (including
    consumer protection, unfair competition, and tort claims),
    regardless of conflict of laws principles. If you acquired the
    software in any other country, its laws apply. If U.S. federal
    jurisdiction exists, you and Microsoft consent to exclusive
    jurisdiction and venue in the federal court in King County,
    Washington for all disputes heard in court. If not, you and
    Microsoft consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the
    Superior Court of King County, Washington for all disputes heard in
    court.

12. **CONSUMER RIGHTS; REGIONAL VARIATIONS.**This agreement describes
    certain legal rights. You may have other rights, including consumer
    rights, under the laws of your state or country. Separate and apart
    from your relationship with Microsoft, you may also have rights with
    respect to the party from which you acquired the software. This
    agreement does not change those other rights if the laws of your
    state or country do not permit it to do so. For example, if you
    acquired the software in one of the below regions, or mandatory
    country law applies, then the following provisions apply to you:

    - a\) Australia. You have statutory guarantees under the
        Australian Consumer Law and nothing in this agreement is
        intended to affect those rights.

    - b\) Canada. If you acquired this software in Canada, you may
        stop receiving updates by turning off the automatic update
        feature, disconnecting your device from the Internet (if and
        when you re-connect to the Internet, however, the software will
        resume checking for and installing updates), or uninstalling the
        software. The product documentation, if any, may also specify
        how to turn off updates for your specific device or software.

    - c\) Germany and Austria. i. Warranty. The properly licensed
        software will perform substantially as described in any
        Microsoft materials that accompany the software. However,
        Microsoft gives no contractual guarantee in relation to the
        licensed software. ii. Limitation of Liability. In case of
        intentional conduct, gross negligence, claims based on the
        Product Liability Act, as well as, in case of death or personal
        or physical injury, Microsoft is liable according to the
        statutory law. Subject to the foregoing clause ii., Microsoft
        will only be liable for slight negligence if Microsoft is in
        breach of such material contractual obligations, the fulfillment
        of which facilitate the due performance of this agreement, the
        breach of which would endanger the purpose of this agreement and
        the compliance with which a party may constantly trust in
        (so-called \"cardinal obligations\"). In other cases of slight
        negligence, Microsoft will not be liable for slight negligence.

13. **DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. THE SOFTWARE IS LICENSED "AS IS." YOU BEAR
    THE RISK OF USING IT. MICROSOFT GIVES NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES,
    GUARANTEES, OR CONDITIONS. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE
    LAWS, MICROSOFT EXCLUDES ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING
    MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND
    NON-INFRINGEMENT.**

14. **LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES. IF YOU HAVE ANY BASIS FOR
    RECOVERING DAMAGES DESPITE THE PRECEDING DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY, YOU
    CAN RECOVER FROM MICROSOFT AND ITS SUPPLIERS ONLY DIRECT DAMAGES UP
    TO U.S. \$5.00. YOU CANNOT RECOVER ANY OTHER DAMAGES, INCLUDING
    CONSEQUENTIAL, LOST PROFITS, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR INCIDENTAL
    DAMAGES.** \*\*This limitation applies to (a) anything related to
    the software, services, content (including code) on third party
    Internet sites, or third party applications; and (b) claims for
    breach of contract, warranty, guarantee, or condition; strict
    liability, negligence, or other tort; or any other claim; in each
    case to the extent permitted by applicable law. It also applies even
    if Microsoft knew or should have known about the possibility of the
    damages. The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you
    because your state, province, or country may not allow the exclusion
    or limitation of incidental, consequential, or other damages.\*\*

Please note: As this software is distributed in Canada, some of the
clauses in this agreement are provided below in French.\
\
Remarque: Ce logiciel étant distribué au Canada, certaines des clauses
dans ce contrat sont fournies ci-dessous en français.\
\
**EXONÉRATION DE GARANTIE.** Le logiciel visé par une licence est offert
« tel quel ». Toute utilisation de ce logiciel est à votre seule risque
et péril. Microsoft n'accorde aucune autre garantie expresse. Vous
pouvez bénéficier de droits additionnels en vertu du droit local sur la
protection des consommateurs, que ce contrat ne peut modifier. La ou
elles sont permises par le droit locale, les garanties implicites de
qualité marchande, d'adéquation à un usage particulier et d'absence de
contrefaçon sont exclues.\
\
**LIMITATION DES DOMMAGES-INTÉRÊTS ET EXCLUSION DE RESPONSABILITÉ POUR
LES DOMMAGES.** Vous pouvez obtenir de Microsoft et de ses fournisseurs
une indemnisation en cas de dommages directs uniquement à hauteur de
5,00 \$ US. Vous ne pouvez prétendre à aucune indemnisation pour les
autres dommages, y compris les dommages spéciaux, indirects ou
accessoires et pertes de bénéfices. Cette limitation concerne:

- tout ce qui est relié au logiciel, aux services ou au contenu (y
    compris le code) figurant sur des sites Internet tiers ou dans des
    programmes tiers; et

- les réclamations au titre de violation de contrat ou de garantie, ou
    au titre de responsabilité stricte, de négligence ou d'une autre
    faute dans la limite autorisée par la loi en vigueur.

Elle s'applique également, même si Microsoft connaissait ou devrait
connaître l'éventualité d'un tel dommage. Si votre pays n'autorise pas
l'exclusion ou la limitation de responsabilité pour les dommages
indirects, accessoires ou de quelque nature que ce soit, il se peut que
la limitation ou l'exclusion ci-dessus ne s'appliquera pas à votre
égard.\
\
**EFFET JURIDIQUE.** Le présent contrat décrit certains droits
juridiques. Vous pourriez avoir d'autres droits prévus par les lois de
votre pays. Le présent contrat ne modifie pas les droits que vous
confèrent les lois de votre pays si celles-ci ne le permettent pas.

## Configuration for Feature A

...content...

## Configuration for Feature B

...content...
