# Skill Insights Integration

## Executive Summary

Earlier this year, our team experimented adding insights feature to the Deployment Agent with the goal of generating infra plans that align more closely with how users already build and operate within Azure. Internal results show that insights can provide actionable guidance for the infra planning process, helping to reduce manual editing and align new plans with users’ existing Azure environments.

Now that the infra planning experience has been brought to GitHub Copilot as an agent skill, we propose integrating insights into the plan generation process to deliver a more seamless and complete experience.

## Problem Statement

The current version of the skill generates infra plans based on the user’s initial prompt and uses the Azure MCP tools to get resources when necessary. Without information about the user’s existing Azure environment, the skill needs to make assumptions and will use default values that align with Azure best practices.
This means plans generated will likely require manual editing, as it doesn’t consider naming conventions, policies etc.

## High Level Design

The diagram below shows the current execution flow of the skill. The user first describes the intended infrastructure to the main agent (e.g. GHCP). The main agent then executes the skill. During the planning process, the agent calls Azure MCP tools to get additional data, such as documentation, WAF guidelines, and Azure best practices. It also spawns subagents to perform specific tasks as instructed by the skill. The final infra plan is generated by the main agent.

[diagram here]

The insights feature quires an additional process to fetch Azure Resource Graph (ARG) data using the Azure CLI command and then summarizes the data using a subagent. The subagent architecture provides separation of context and allows insights to be gathered in parallel to the main agent to save time.

[diagram here]

## Architecture Deep Dive

### Fetching data from ARG

There are no existing MCP tools or APIs that provide ready-to-use insights suitable for the infra planning process, so we need to gather Azure data ourselves and summarize the data using an LLM to produce the insights. ARG is the ideal data source because it aggregates resource metadata from all resource providers into a centralized, query able data store. ARG supports querying resources with complex filtering, grouping and sorting via KQL, and is available across multiple subscriptions, resource groups and tenants. ARG data also removed PII and secrets like keys, which makes it safer for LLMs to handle.

### Deriving the Insights

There are two types of insights that can be derived: quantitative and qualitative. Quantitative insights refer to numerical patterns that can be aggregated, such as “top VM region” and “percentage of standard vs premium SKU”. Quantitative insights refer to architectural patterns such as resource co-occurrence within workloads (e.g., "App Service deployments are consistently paired with Key Vault, VNet, and App Insights"), security posture conventions (e.g., "production workloads use private endpoints and managed identity"), and organizational standards inferred from recurring configurations across resource groups.

For infra planning, there are many more useful qualitative insights compare to quantitative insights. For the quantitative insights, we can deterministically compute them from the ARG data. For the qualitative insights, we can derive it using the subagent. We also need to preprocess the ARG data before passing it to the subagent for two reasons. First is that save tokens and reduce context by remove empty configurations and instance specific configuration. The second is to make it easier for the LLM to comprehend the data by adding things such as property aggregations.

There are two ways we can prompt the subagent. The first approach is to describe the infra planning task and user requirement but give the subagent minimal guidance on what types of insights to generate and how to generate it. The second approach is to ground the subagent by providing a list of the types of insights that are important to infra planning, and tips on how it can derive those insights. I am learning towards the latter as it conceptually reduces thinking and we can focus on generating insights that are most impactful. This is something we should test to measure any quality/time/token differences 

### Skill vs MCP

The insights feature itself consists of getting the data and deriving insights. It’s technically feasible to implement the entire insights process as an MCP tool – it can request ARG data and ues the MCP sampling feature to generate insights by requesting the client’s LLM.

However, the insights generated would be specific to infra planning and unlikely to be valuable for other tasks. Even if we take out the LLM part and just build an MCP tool for getting the ARG data, it would essentially be a wrapper around the ARG API, and most process would be done via the skill.

Thus, we should implement the insights feature as a part of the skill, not an MCP tool.

### Executing as a SKILL: Utility Script vs Instructions

ARG can be queried in two ways:
1.	ARG REST API – Provides a POST endpoint that takes in a KQL query. 
2.	Azure CLI – Allow ARG querying directly from the CLI without code setup.

And there are two ways to write the skill:
1.	Create a utility script that the skill runs directly
2.	Provide instructions on how to request the ARG API or Azure CLI and have the skill run it itself.

Utility script is the clear winner for several reasons. First, it is a first-class feature of agent skills intended for performing deterministic tasks. When run with `uv, any required packages are automatically installed in an isolated environment. Second, that the content of the script is never loaded into the agent which saves time and tokens (as it doesn’t have to analyse it). Third, the script can be tested beforehand and with unit tests. We can also explicitly define some error handling techniques. It’s much less likely to error compared to option 2 as the agent doesn’t need to figure out how to do it on the fly.

Naturally, ARG REST API is the better option than using Azure CLI. Requesting the ARG REST API directly provides structure data that we can preprocess, whereas we would need to write extra code run the Azure CLI commands and read the output from STDOUT.

To summarise, the insights feature would be all implemented in the skill. We will ues utility script to get the insights data, and the subagent will derive the insights and provide it to the main agent.

### Invocation

The current insights collection process is designed to be an independent process. Since it only needs the initial user requirement, we can instruct the main agent to spawn the insights subagent in parallel at the start of phase 1. This means we can generate the insights while the skill complete the remaining research. At the end of phase 1, the main agent should combine the insights and research to create the list of preliminary resources. The insights subagent should also save the insights to JSON file in .azure/ folder so that it can be reused if the user needs to iterate on the infra plan.

### Other Considerations

The core dependency of the utility script is Azure SDK, which provides credentials needed to query the ARG API. Azure SDK follows a chain approach when detecting existing Azure credentials. It will check VSCode, Azure CLI, etc. for credentials. If the user is not logged in anywhere, the skill should prompt the user to sign into Azure, and retry the script once they have confirmed they are signed in. The user should also have the option to skip sign in if they wish to bypass insights gathering. This interruption should not block the other subagents from completing Phase 1 Research

[Flow diagram]

## Testing

The current skill already has integration and unit testing

We need to measure whether insights leads to improvements in the plans generated, and I propose doing that through rubric-based evaluation. In this evaluation framework, we create an evaluation rubric with four dimensions what covers different aspects of the plan: goal alignment, waf conformance …. For each dimension we write a list of criteria that needs to be met. These criteria should use either 0-5 ratings, or binary true/false scales. Research shows that 0-5 scales results in the biggest human-llm alignment, while binary scales are most robust to noise. Ideally, each criteria would be assess in a separate LLM call, however, due to the large number of criteria and large size of each infra plan, we will compromise by run each dimension in a new call.

We can run tests in parallel to drastically improve the time taken. This shortens to 30 minutes.

For each evaluation, we run it on 20 golden prompts and generate 20 plans. Each plan will be graded based on the rubric. For baseline, we run it on the current version of the skill and compute metrics such 

We need to do two additional types of testing
Testing the utility script and rubric eval
- Test the utility script
- Unit, integration test for the SKILL – already have
- Rubric-based assessment for AB testing
    - Does insights:
        - Result in any token/time/quality trade offs?
- Does insights affect the types of resources that appear?

## Timeline
- 1 Week – Finalize proposal
- 2 Weeks – Create PoC
- 2 Weeks – Testing
